# Composite-door-double-glazing-replacement
Many homeowners have purchased a composite door with door glass which they liked during installation however they get bored with the glass design over time. Occasionally the glass can be damaged and may need replacing to.  Throughout this blog we will discuss how to change the glass in side composite door, we will also identify the equipment that is required throughout this process. Tools required to deglaze composite door glass De-glazing Tools  We always recommend using the correct glazing tools whenever de-glazing a composite door. A putty knife is vital for the removal of silicon or double sided tape which holds the glazing in place. White rubber headed mallet, small flat headed screwdriver, flat headed scrapper, glazing shovel, small block of wood, floor surface protection just in case glass breaks during de-glazing. Removing Composite Door Beading  Most composite doors are internally beaded. Always start on the internal side by using a flat scrapper and by levering the scrapper over a small piece of wood gradually cranking enough gap between the beading and the glass to fit the end of the glazing shovel.  This should be started in the corner of the beading then gradually freeing the full beading away from the glass. Removing beading from composite door glass How to remove glass retainers from Composite door glass Removal of glass retention steel clips  Once the internal beading has been removed then you will notice four steel glass retention clips. By using two small flat head screwdrivers, place one either side of the clip lip, then twist and lift the clip until it has disengaged from the channel between the glass and door frame. This should be repeated until all our clips are removed. Removing silicon or double sided glazing tape.  Depending on the door manufacturer the glazing will be either installed using clear silicon or double sided glazing tape. To remove either one of these we recommend pushing a putty between the external glazing and the external beading. If the gap between the glazing and beading is too tight, then use a thin flat scrapper to gradually opening the gap to allow the putty knife to engage. Other techniques would be to use a Stanley knife to break the adhesive first.  We recommend starting from the bottom corners then working upwards towards the top corners. Removing silicon or double sided glazing tape. Removing double glazed unit from Composite door  Once all adhesive has been removed using the appropriate knife break the seal on the internal side of the door between the glass and inner frame. Start from the corners then work up the glass unit. Glazing a composite door  On the inside of the frame where the new glass unit will be fitted, there will be a small divide that surrounds the beading frame. This is where the new clear silicon will be applied. Gently apply the silicon all around the glazing frame. The new glass unit should now be put into place. All four steel retention clips should be fitted to hold the glass unit in place. The internal beading should now be installed. This is then repeated with the second unit.
